---
page_title: "sci_schemas Data Source - sci"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets a list of schemas from the SAP Cloud Identity services.
---

# sci_schemas (Data Source)

Gets a list of schemas from the SAP Cloud Identity services.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all schemas
data "sci_schemas" "all" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Required:

- `id` (String) Unique id by which the schema can be referenced in other entities

Read-Only:

- `attributes` (Attributes List) The list of attribites that comprise the schema (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--attributes))
- `description` (String) A description for the schema
- `name` (String) Unique name for the schema
- `schemas` (Set of String) List of SCIM schemas to configure schemas. The attribute is configured with default values :
	- `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:Schema`

<a id="nestedatt--values--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values.attributes`

Read-Only:

- `canonical_values` (List of String) A collection of suggested canonical values that may be used
- `case_exact` (Boolean) Configure if the attribute must be case-sensitive or not.
- `description` (String) A brief description for the attribute
- `multivalued` (Boolean) Confgire if the attribute can have more than one value.
- `mutability` (String) Control the Read or Write access of the attribute
- `name` (String) The attribute name. Only alphanumeric characters and underscores are allowed.
- `required` (Boolean) Configure if the attribute must be mandatory or not.
- `returned` (String) Configure how the attribute's value must be returned
- `type` (String) The attribute data type
- `uniqueness` (String) Define the context in which the attribute must be unique.