---
page_title: "sci_users Data Source - sci"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets a list of users from the SAP Cloud Identity services.
---

# sci_users (Data Source)

Gets a list of users from the SAP Cloud Identity services.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all users
data "sci_userss" "all" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Determines whether the user is active or not. The default value for the attribute is false.
- `custom_schemas` (String) Furthur enhance your user with custom schemas.
- `display_name` (String) The name to be displayed for the user.
- `emails` (Attributes Set) Emails of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--emails))
- `id` (String) ID of the user.
- `initial_password` (String, Sensitive) The initial password to be configured for the user.
- `name` (Attributes) Name of the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--name))
- `sap_extension_user` (Attributes) Configure attributes particular to the schema `"urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User"`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--sap_extension_user))
- `schemas` (Set of String) List of SCIM schemas to configure users. The attribute is configured with default values :
	- `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User` 
	- `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User`
- `user_name` (String) Unique user name of the user.
- `user_type` (String) Specifies the type of the user. The default type is "public".

<a id="nestedatt--values--emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values.emails`

Read-Only:

- `primary` (Boolean) Set the email to be primary or not.
- `type` (String) Type of the user's email.
- `value` (String) Value of the user's email.


<a id="nestedatt--values--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values.name`

Read-Only:

- `family_name` (String) Last name of the user. The following characters: <, >, : are not allowed.
- `given_name` (String) First name of the user. The following characters: <, >, : are not allowed.
- `honorific_prefix` (String) HonorificPrefix is part of the Master Data attributes and have canonical values. The specific values for this attribute can be found on `<tenantUrl>/service/md/salutations`


<a id="nestedatt--values--sap_extension_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values.sap_extension_user`

Read-Only:

- `mail_verified` (Boolean) The attribute specifies if the e-mail of the newly created user is verified or not. So if the values of the "mail_verified" and "send_mail" attributes are true, the user will receive an e-mail and they will be able to log on. On the other hand, if the "send_mail" is true, but the "mail_verified" is false, the user will receive e-mail and they have to click the verification link in the e-mail. If the attribute "mail_verified" is not configured, the default value is false.
- `send_mail` (Boolean) Specifies if an activation mail should be sent. The value of the attribute only matters when creating the user.
- `status` (String) Specifies if the user is created as active, inactive or new. If the attribute "active" is not configured, the default value is inactive.