---
page_title: "sci_user Resource - sci"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a user in the SAP Cloud Identity Services.
---

# sci_user (Resource)

Creates a user in the SAP Cloud Identity Services.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a user in SAP Cloud Identity Services
resource "sci_user" "new_user" {
  user_name   = "jdoe"
  emails = [
    {
      value = "john.doe@sap.com",
      type  = "work"
      primary = true
    }
  ]
  name = {
    family_name = "John"
    given_name  = "Doe"
    honorific_prefix = "Mr."
  }
  initial_password = "1234"       # Must be a valid password 
  display_name = "John Doe"
  user_type = "customer"          # Refer to the documentation for valid values
  active = false
  sap_extension_user = {
    send_mail = false
    mail_verified = true
    status = "active"             # Refer to the documentation for valid values
  }
}


# Create a user in SAP Cloud Identity Services with customSchemas
resource "sci_user" "new_user" {
  schemas = [                    # If custom schemas are to be used, ensure a valid schema ID is provided
    "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User",
    "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User",
    "urn:custom:SCI:1.0:User"
  ]
  user_name   = "jdoe"
  emails = [
    {
      value = "john.doe@sap.com",
      type  = "work"
    }
  ]
  custom_schemas = jsonencode({
    "urn:custom:SCI:1.0:User" : {
      custom_attr : "custom_val"
    }
  })
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `emails` (Attributes Set) Emails of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--emails))
- `user_name` (String) Unique user name of the user.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Determines whether the user is active or not. The default value for the attribute is false.
- `custom_schemas` (String) Furthur enhance your user with custom schemas. The attribute must configured as a valid JSON string.
- `display_name` (String) The name to be displayed for the user.
- `initial_password` (String, Sensitive) The initial password to be configured for the user. If this attribute is configured, the password will have to be changed by the user at the first login.
- `name` (Attributes) Name of the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name))
- `sap_extension_user` (Attributes) Configure attributes particular to the schema `"urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User"`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sap_extension_user))
- `schemas` (Set of String) List of SCIM schemas to configure users. The attribute is configured with default values :
	- `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User` 
	- `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User` 

 	 If the attribute must be overridden with custom values, the default schemas must be provided in addition to the custom schemas.
- `user_type` (String) Specifies the type of the user. The default type is "public". Acceptable values are : `public`, `partner`, `customer`, `external`, `onboardee`, `employee`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the user.

<a id="nestedatt--emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `emails`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the user's email. Acceptable values are : `work`, `home`, `other`
- `value` (String) Value of the user's email.

Optional:

- `primary` (Boolean) Set the email to be primary or not.


<a id="nestedatt--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name`

Optional:

- `family_name` (String) Last name of the user. The following characters: <, >, : are not allowed.
- `given_name` (String) First name of the user. The following characters: <, >, : are not allowed.
- `honorific_prefix` (String) HonorificPrefix is part of the Master Data attributes and have canonical values. The specific values for this attribute can be found on `<tenantUrl>/service/md/salutations`


<a id="nestedatt--sap_extension_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sap_extension_user`

Optional:

- `mail_verified` (Boolean) The attribute specifies if the e-mail of the newly created user is verified or not. So if the values of the "mail_verified" and "send_mail" attributes are true, the user will receive an e-mail and they will be able to log on. On the other hand, if the "send_mail" is true, but the "mail_verified" is false, the user will receive e-mail and they have to click the verification link in the e-mail. If the attribute "mail_verified" is not configured, the default value is false.
- `send_mail` (Boolean) Specifies if an activation mail should be sent. The value of the attribute only matters when creating the user.
- `status` (String) Specifies if the user is created as active, inactive or new. If the attribute "active" is not configured, the default value is inactive. Acceptable values are : `active`, `inactive`, `new`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```terraform
# terraform import sci_user.<resource_name> <user_id>

terraform import sci_user.my_user dd005d8b-1fee-4e6b-b6ff-cb9a197b7fe0
```
